What are you doing?
Don't escape save me
You get him
None of your business.
If you dare to talk again, I will cripple you now
Bullying men and bullying women
Come and do everything you want to do again.
You threatened me?
Running roughshod because of some family affairs
Dogs look down on people
A mother is born without a mother to teach
Today, I will educate you well for your parents.
i
I was wrong, I was really wrong, please forgive me.
Ah ah ah forgive you
If I were a weak chicken today
Can you spare me and Concubine Jiang Yu?
Li Fei, please persuade him
Did you really watch him kill me?
It's a pity that Dongjiahei didn't escape
He let someone do it or this this is not
Let him go and go
But when you come, you're done for today
Oh I want to go and eat now
No one can save you today
How did you get here so fast?